some 33
rejoice in the Lord
oh you righteous her praise from the
upright is beautiful praise the Lord
with the harp make melody to him with an
instrument of 10 strings sing to him a
new song play skillfully with a shout of
joy for the word of the Lord is right
and all his work is done in truth he
loves righteousness and justice the
earth is full of the goodness of the
Lord by the word of the Lord the heavens
were made and all the host of them by
the breath of his mouth he gathers the
waters of the sea together as a heat
he lays up the deep in storehouses let
all the earth fear the Lord let all the
inhabitants of the world stand in awe of
him for he spoke and it was done he
commanded and it stood fast the Lord
brings the counsel of the nations to
nothing he makes the plans of the
peoples of no effect the counsel of the
Lord stands forever the plans of his
heart to all generations blessed is the
nation whose God is the Lord the people
he has chosen as his own inheritance the
Lord looks from heaven he sees all the
sons of men from the place of his
dwelling he looks on all the inhabitants
of the earth he fashions their hearts
individually he considers all their
works no King is saved by the multitude
of an army a mighty man is not delivered
by great strength a horse is a vain hope
for safety neither shall it deliver any
by its great strength
behold the eye of the Lord is on those
who fear Him
and those who hope in his mercy to
deliver their soul from death and to
keep them alive in famine our soul waits
for the Lord he is our help and our
shield for our heart shall rejoice in
him because we have trusted in his holy
name let your mercy O Lord be upon us
just as we hope in you
[Music]